# 3ID vs. Other Web3 Domain Providers

As the Web3 ecosystem continues to grow, numerous platforms and services are emerging, each offering unique solutions for domain management and identity. At 3ID, we strive to stand out by providing practical advantages that cater to the needs of Web3 users. Below, we present a comparison of 3ID's offerings against similar products and services in the market, highlighting our distinct benefits and innovative features.

<table><thead><tr><th width="243">.</th><th width="100">3ID.one</th><th width="119">Optinames</th><th width="113">Era.Name</th><th>CB.id (Coinbase)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>Domains are resolvable by</p><p>ENS and Metamask</p></td><td>✅</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td></tr><tr><td>Several domain extension options</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td></tr><tr><td>Several chains for minting the resolver NFT</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td></tr><tr><td>Free web3 domain option</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td></tr><tr><td>multiple records and custom records</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td><td>❌</td></tr><tr><td>IPFS storage for the associated metadata</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td><td>✅</td><td>❌</td></tr></tbody></table>

Many web3 domain providers, especially those who state that are functioning under a specific L2 ecosystem (such as Era.name, scrollname.domains, opns.domains, etc.) are not even resolvable by DApps and wallets such as Metamsk and Opensea, as they operate only with ENS-based domains and subdomains. Many ENS-based subdomain providers such as Optinames does not provide free option, and many of those who provide a free option like Coinbase, do not offer an on-chain and transferable representation of  the subdomain like an NFT for its ownership.

Many Web3 domain providers, especially those operating within a specific L2 ecosystem (such as Era.name, ScrollName.Domains, OPns.Domains, etc.), face significant limitations. These domains are often not resolvable by popular DApps and wallets like MetaMask and OpenSea, which primarily support ENS-based domains and subdomains. Additionally, many ENS-based subdomain providers, such as Optinames, do not offer a free option. Those that do, like Coinbase, often lack an on-chain and transferable representation of the subdomain, such as an NFT, which is essential for ownership verification and transferability.

At 3ID, we provide all the advantages of these platforms all at once, ensuring a seamless, cost-effective, and fully integrated solution for Web3 domain management.
